chore: Update README with structure and testing changes (#68)
openfga/vscode-ext: README.md

- Run `npm install` in the root directory. This installs all necessary npm modules.
- Run `npm run compile` to compile the code & client for testing.
- Run `npm run test-node` to execute the client node test suite.

#### Remote Testing the Web functionality

> - To test out the extension in [browser](https://vscode.dev/), before publishing, [follow these instructions](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/web-extensions#test-your-web-extension-in-vscode.dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To manually test the extension in the browser for [VS Code for the Web](https://vscode.dev/) before publishing, follow [these instructions](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/web-extensions#test-your-web-extension-in-vscode.dev) to setup a VS Code for the Web instance with your local extension, and then proceed with the normal testing flow.
```
